Step 1: Diagnose the Error

To fix the run, you first need to find the "smoking gun" in the GitHub logs:

Open the GitHub Actions run link.

Click on the failed job (usually named build or deploy) on the left sidebar.

Scroll through the log output (the black console screen) and look for red text.

Common errors to look for:

Module not found: Error: Can't resolve '...': You are missing a package in package.json.

Process completed with exit code 1: A general failure, usually preceded by a specific linting or type error.

sh: 1: vite: not found or npm run build failed: Your build command is misconfigured.

ELIFECYCLE: Usually a Node.js version mismatch.

Step 2: General Instructions to Fix

Follow these steps based on what you find in the logs:

A. If it's a "Module Not Found" or Dependency Error:

Open your project in Replit.

Check if the missing module is in your package.json.

Run npm install [package-name] in the Replit shell.

Push the updated package-lock.json and package.json to GitHub.

B. If it's a Node Version Error:

Check your .github/workflows/main.yml (or similar .yml file).

Look for the node-version step.

Ensure it matches the version you are using locally or on Replit (e.g., change node-version: [14.x] to node-version: [20.x]).

C. If it's a "Secret" or "Environment Variable" Error:

If the log says "API Key missing" or "Unauthorized":

Go to your GitHub Repository Settings > Secrets and variables > Actions.

Add the missing keys (e.g., OPENAI_API_KEY, DATABASE_URL) there.

Step 3: Prompt for Replit

Once you have copied the error message from the GitHub Action log, go to Replit and use the Replit Agent or the Chat tool with this prompt:

Copy and paste this into Replit:

"I am working on a website project for GeneratedArt, and my GitHub Actions build is failing.

The error from the logs is: > [PASTE THE RED ERROR TEXT FROM GITHUB HERE]

My Goal: > Please analyze my current files (especially package.json, the build scripts, and any configuration files) and fix the code so that it passes the build process. If I am missing dependencies, please install them. If there is a syntax error or a pathing issue causing the build to fail, please correct it."